1. How would you like to define machine learning?
Giving computers the ability to learn by itself without being programmed by individuals.

2. Can you name four types of problems where it shines?
Esisting solutions require a lot of hand-tuning, long list of rules,
Complex problems with no traditional-approach solutions,
Fluctuating environments
Getting insights about complex problems.

3. What is a labeled training set?
Input data samples with tags on it that serve as the ground truth, require additional process of labeling. Used in supervised learning.

4. What are the two most common supervised tasks?
Classification, regression.

5. Can you name four common unsupervised tasks?
Clustering,
Anomaly and novelty detection,
Visualization and dimensionality reduction,
Association rule learning.

6. What type of Machine Learning algorithm would you use to allow a robot to walk in a various unknown terrains?
Visualization and dimensionality reduction.

7. What type of algorithm would you use to segment your customers into multiple groups?
Clustering.

8. Would you frame the problem of spam detection as a supervised learning problem or an unsupervised learning problem?
Supervised - Classification.

9. What is an online learning system?
Once the model learned the data, it will discard it. High learning rate, quick to learn but forget the old data easily.

10. What is out-core learning?
Training the machine on large datasets that cannot fit in its main memory.

11. What type of learning algorithm relies on a similarity measure to make predictions?
Instance-based learning algorithm.

12. What is the difference between a model parameneter and a learning algorithm's hyperparameter?
Param: Variables and things that the model learned from the data,
Hyperparam: Configurations that is already learned by the model and is set by who is creating the model.

13. What do model-based learning algorithms search for?
Parameters
    What is the most common stratedgy they use to succeed?
    Cost function to measure the distance between: prediction, training examples

    How do they make predictions?
    After training the model, you apply the model to make predictions called inference. The prediction's result will solely be
    based on what algorithm is used.

14. Can you name four of the main challenges in Machine Learning?
Nonrepresentative training data,
Poor-quality data,
Irrelevant features,
Insufficient quantity of training data.

15. If your model performs great on the training data but generalize poorly to new instances, what is happening?    
I am overfitting the training data.

    Can you name three possible solutions?
    Simplify the model with fewer parameneters,
    Gather more trainig data,
    Reduce noise in the training data.

16. What is a test set and why would you want to use it?
A part of the whole data set that is set aside for testing purposes, will be used so the data will be trained on
    how it will treat real-world data

17. What is the purpose of a validation set?
A part of the test set that is chosen best for the purpose of testing.

18. What could go wrong if you tune the hyperparameter using the test set?
It is hard to know if the test set will be okay to use, it might be too large or small.

19. What is repeated cross-validation and why sould you prefer it to using a single validation set?
Using multiple validation sets,
By averaging all test result of the validation sets, the model can aget a more precise prediction.